Diversifying our collection means we're bringing old stories to new life.
And the first slide, if you don't know, is a 1980s soap opera called Falcon Crest.
It was very much about the wealth in excess of wine country.
It was right along with Dallas and Dynasty and all the ones that you may either remember,
or you've heard.
And currently, there was a show called Promised Land,
which is very much about the wealth in excess of a country
in the 21st century with a primarily Latin cast.
So old stories, welcome access,
in wine country, given new life,
with a new perspective, from a new cultural background.
As we're doing this, I can tell you that Promised Land
was canceled after the First Season.
So, when we think about that, in terms of books,
when something doesn't hit with an audience,
the first thing we reach for is people who don't want to read about those people.
And we need to rethink that instinct.